it was just heavy yeah not in the mood
for sex Oh lima beans and Southbury
stank I just really wanted to just run
but might undo my belt watch TV like Al
Bundy yeah bad idea
can we ask her in about some of the
titles of chapters in this book which
Lynne Alex were talking about before
I'm so publicist what is the one man
gang bang that you need a whole bunch of
guys for a real gangbang well see the
thing about satisfaction is that it was
written for couples and I wrote this
book when I was married and one man
gangbang is actually something that my
husband invented oh really
yes I saw his picture up at the Patent
Office and I wasn't supposed to uh yeah
I didn't know he was the grandfather of
the one man gang bang it was amazing of
course I had to perfect the patent which
means I had to get divorced and try it
elsewhere so now I perfected it I have
huh what is it though the one-man gang
bang so now that homicides one
Peyronie's disease
go ahead it's it's a way for you to have
different sexual partners without having
different sexual partners ah the idea of
the book is to have these fantasies come
to life inside of your relationship and
to not feel the need to go outside of
your relationship to have these
fantasies and so all you need really is
a little bit of imagination and with
this particular one it's a lot of hard
work because the man have to adapt
different styles maybe different voices
mmm
you know I would suggest the woman is
kind of face down ass up she doesn't see
him mm-hmm
and so therefore it's like a puppet show
but from behind and so he's just like
doing all these different characters and
he's changing his stroke well what if
you can't pull it off you know like I
don't do I access well yes oh yeah like
I just sound like me or Gilbert Godfrey
the head of ll and smiley I do to have a
smiling he's a culinary expert and it
sanitary he's head of security over so
your wife isn't right so I just come
from this obvious sort of knee it put us
up an ad and I fucked from behind yes
yes yes I I need to and drinking a goat
based beverage I need to sit down on
crack of ass is that yes take it bitch
well take all of our be you take sandal
all of RV and by the way you're a puss
of a ex-husband he he claims he invented
the one-man gang bang I've reinvented
that in high school you understand you
are such a whore let me see that man
smiling yourself sorry so so you sit
different like we're like a Daniel Boone
outfit or something or mix it up a
little
well you know you can do that but I
think that you have to answer your
question you know you switch it up when
you when you're done doing avi I just
feel like you know when to switch when
she's had enough when she's at her peak
and Ivy's getting her off and she's
screaming your name and your and then
you switch that's what I got a Bill
Simmons the sports guy and then and then
the key is to say next you're yelling
out you yell out do I yell it as me or
avi avi yeah obvious yelling hey I'm
Bill Simmons swish being a sports guy
hope you don't mind my keyboard on your
aspect many a bit hold still can't tap
with all this fucking going on hold on
delete ghost go past go six and right
when she's getting off on that which I'm
sure she will for that is for sure
very sexy then you switched to your next
character who is Tavis Smiley
yes yes next
now Tavis Smiley do not kid yourself
there is a woman being abuse in this
country every five six now it's easy to
look over the seats and a cat judgment
upon other culture but let's not kid
ourselves the mean streets are destroyed
or every bit is mean stop moving your
ass boy Busta nut on the small you back
the mean street was I say I'm saying you
cannot judge the Middle East until you
find a mirror to look into you and judge
yourself there is just as much domestic
abuse going on on all sort and our
schools and our neighborhoods and all
churches I like when they get on our our
raw hmm and on 99-cents go and all
7-eleven and there is intended so do by
the way and Schmidt until finding a
mirror
I wasn't kidding that was not a that was
not a metaphor I like the fucking front
of mirror right hold on Bill Maher needs
a blowjob no let me go suck off Bill
Maher so someone here went out with Bill
Maher really Adam told us that you would
have a lil mama I was gonna ask you the
same thing
mmm no it was not Adam I know he likes
his ladies exotic-looking and you are
that baby out with Bill Maher that must
have been hard